You're here.
It's a car accident. I requested for a corresponding process.
And we're trying to identify the victim too.
It's a downhill road on a snowy day, so it might've caused the accident.
- Does that belong to the victim? - Pardon?
This way, ma'am.
First of all, she's really pretty and has a great body.
She's not someone you want to mess with.
- Are you going on a date? - No, Sir.
She my ideal type.
Get to work, would you?
Seems like it's too much for you to handle on your own, right?
Basically, she talks to people for a living.
What do you think? Should I help you out?
Would you like to?
Of course.
With everything that's happening, I should help out.
There's an attempted rape in the next room.
Why don't you take that on for me?
That needs to be wrapped up by today.
With everything that's happening, thanks for your help.
Well, then...
Are you...
Go Hye Ran?
Yes, that's me.
Thank you for your cooperation to begin with.
- I'm sure you're very busy. - Let's end it within 30 minutes.
That way, I can be there on time for my news show.
- Goodness. - She's really something.
She's more than a celebrity.
- I told you. - I know.
Do you live precisely all the time?
I try to.
- Then you must have a good memory. - I hope so.
A person died.
So what?
Do you know...
who this man is?
Do you know him?
I love you.
Hye Ran.
Hye Ran?
I must be crazy.
Did you have a dream?
I dozed off for a second.
You should feel nervous at least for a bit.
I know you win the award every year, but you should keep your manners.
I know.
- You look pretty. It's done. - Thanks.
(Episode 1: Rift)
(A month before the accident)
(2017 Korea Broadcasting Awards)
- Look who's here. - Thank you welcoming us.
Hye Ran.
Congratulations in advance.
Come on. I'm here to present the award today.
And how many times did you go up to do so and receive the award?
You're here early. Have a seat.
I came here because I was told to, but it's not fun.
"Go Hye Ran Receives Another Broadcaster of the Year".
It's just way too obvious.
There are so many talented juniors these days. No one knows the result.
Oh, right. Han Ji Won has been hot lately.
Ji Won worked hard too.
What? You will...
win the award today?
Yes, so please make me look bright, okay?
Okay.
Thank you for your comment.
It's time to announce the Broadcaster of the Year...
- who showed... - Who do you think is the winner?
an exemplary attitude of upright and just broadcasters in the generation.
Earlier, I saw the result out of curiosity.
But don't be surprised too much later.
I'll now announce those who will present the award.
It's Anchor Oh Hye Ran from "News Nine",
who won the Broadcaster of the Year last year.
(Grand Award, Broadcaster of the Year)
Hello, everyone. I'm Kim Bum Soo.
Hello, I'm Go Hye Ran.
Now, shall we announce the winner?
All right.
We'll announce the winner now.
The Broadcaster of the Year is...
(Broadcaster of the Year, Grand Award)
(Grand Award, Broadcaster of the Year)
It's Go Hye Ran. Congratulations.
The result is as expected.
Yes. She has won the Broadcaster of the Year for five years in a row.
I'm sorry about my prank earlier, okay?
- Congratulations. - Go Hye Ran...
has been recognized for her persuasive voice...
and neutral attitude as the main anchor of "News Nine".
Reporter Han Ji Won is coming up the stage.
Maybe she's coming up to congratulate her.
She's on the stage with flowers to congratulate the winner.
- It's great to see... - Congratulations.
how a junior congratulates her senior.
Reporter Han Ji Won is always beautiful indeed.
(Han Ji Won is the true scene stealer.)
(Go Hye Ran is a has-been now.)
This is bad.
(Don't be so proud since you won the award for your age.)
Hye Ran...
(Ji Won just killed Hye Ran today.)
Hello?
It's me, Go Hye Ran.
I read your article.
Who wrote that interesting article?
The pictures?
It can happen when it was posted real-time.
Let's have lunch together within next week.
I'll find a delicious restaurant which you'll love.
Bye.
That jerk.
Are you upset about something?
No, it's a happy day for me.
If it's that good, turn it over to me.
You're too competent...
that a junior like me can't have a chance.
You'll have a chance when the time comes.
Then again, you're standing firm at that age of yours.
Female anchors' positions have gotten strengthened thanks to you.
I should thank you for that.
A competent junior gave me such a compliment.
I feel like I should do better.
I should do harder...
and longer.
I wanted to have a good talk with you after a while,
but I have to go. Sorry.
Hello?
You should come right now.
- Why? - Call her guardian right now.
- Is something going on? - Hey!
Come here right this instant. I won't let you get away with it.
Come here right now, you wench.
I'll kill you today.
You wench.
Hey, I have business to take care of before I go to the office.
Send me the script via e-mail when it's out.
I'll arrive before the rehearsal.
Please cover for me so that the senior manager doesn't get upset.
Kaham is an illegal immigrant from Bangladesh.
He committed violence against his employer, Choi Byung Man,
and caused him injury that will take six weeks to fully recover.
The prosecution demands him...
imprisonment for a year and deportation after the sentence.
Quiet down.
(Judge)
Attorney, you may make your statement.
Before then, I'd like to confirm something with the plaintiff.
Why did Choi Byung Man get beaten?
You seem to be unaware of the full story of the case.
Let me explain.
Choi Byung Man is the CEO of Hwanil Steel.
And he didn't give Kaham his payment for two years.
He committed violence out of desperate request...
for his payment.
Kaham's salary...
means food and water for his family in his home country.
Nothing can justify violence.
That's right.
He should get punished. However,
the victim deserves punishment too...
because the law must be fair to everyone.
Don't you agree, Prosecutor Byun Woo Hyun?
So you will sue Choi Byung Man for violating the labor law, right?
Well, you want to place the blame.
Settling the case will be much simpler.
It would've been much simpler if he had paid Kaham in the first place.
Okay, I'll check the facts once the complaint is submitted.
- Okay, good luck. - Thanks.
Let's go file the suit then.
You can't make the case big like this.
He didn't pay his employees who worked so hard.
He's getting an IV at his first-class ward.
We better get the right amount of interest to pay for our office rent.
I'm the one who needs an IV.
(Hanbit Nursing Home)
Did you call in a busy person to do this?
What is it today? Tell me already. I need to get back to work.
I need to fix my makeup, read the script, and organize it.
I'm busy like crazy.
Did you eat carbohydrates?
Why are you so swollen?
Didn't you get a facial?
You crazy wench.
You brat. Do you think you'll stay at the age of 25 forever?
You'll turn 30 and 40 in a blink.
I told you you'd age soon if you didn't get enough facial treatment.
Mom!
You're doing it properly, right?
- Do what? - Contraception.
Make sure you don't get pregnant.
Otherwise, your life will end.
This is the most important moment of your life.
You can't go down because of a baby.
Hye Ran, you have to succeed and show others...
how successful you are, okay?
You know what I mean, right?
Mom, please come to your...
Quiet.
Don't worry.
I'll keep your secret...
until the day I die.
You just have to live like a beautiful flower.
That's all I want.
What...
are you talking about?
Quiet.
Be quiet.
My daughter doesn't know that I know about it.
(Go Hye Ran's "News Nine")
Hey, Hye Ran. Look at this.
Chief Jang wants to change the order of the headlines. What?
Where is she? Tell me.
- Is she not here yet? - She's late...
- because something urgent came up. - What's so urgent?
Oh, right. She won the award today.
Did she go to celebrate herself or something?
Or did she go to see her husband?
Goodness, I can't believe this.
Come on. It's a good day for her.
Just let it slide.
Good day, my foot. What comes after a clear weather?
A cloudy weather comes! don't you know that?
Darn it. She didn't earn it because of her pretty face.
Chief Jang was trying to help her finish her career well.
- What? - Forget it.
Anyway, she can't be late for even a minute!
I'll unplug her mic if she does!
What... What was this?
Well, Chief Jang wants to change the order of the headline. Here.
We can still understand you even if you tell us calmly.
Why did you have to yell so hard?
It won't be good for you if your blood pressure gets too high.
Don't you think so?
Since when were you listening?
I was here since when he was talking about the conclusion.
- Are you okay? - Conclusions are always important.
A person has to have a nice end.
Hye Ran.
This was going to go to a different department, but I managed to get it.
What do you think?
Let's go with something bright today.
I want to look as lively as possible.
This one, okay?
Okay, Hye Ran.
I'll see you at the studio.
(Go Hye Ran's "News Nine")
Get ready.
Studio, standby.
- Hye Ran looks great today. - She never disappoints us.
- She looks cool. - Anchor Go.
Your outfit looks a bit too flashy today.
Are you here to do a news show or a fashion show?
Dae Woong, you know the headline is about a murder case, right?
Right. So what?
It's not a good time to chat about fashion now.
Two people died.
Three minutes before the broadcast. Signal, standby, please.
Hello.
Ji Won, don't be nervous, and do your best. I'll support you.
Thank you.
Hello, viewers.
Go Hye Ran's "News Nine" begins now.
A man swung a knife at a store near Gangnam Station,
- and it caused two civilians dead. - That's terrible news.
- The assailant... - My daughter looks like a flower.
There was no reason for the civilians to be attacked.
Let's continue with Reporter Han...
She looks great all the time.
You still look at your wife with such warm eyes.
The assailant and the victim of most hate crimes like this...
have no grudges between them.
Also, women and old people are often targeted.
Thus, it's arousing a lot of attention.
I see. Thank you for your explanation.
Good. That was nice and clean.
So what are the relevant policies to prevent these crimes?
- Pardon? - What?
What's wrong with her now?
I believe...
a detailed plan to protect those future victims...
is more important than just paying attention.
Reporter Han, did you investigate about any safety nets for this?
Well, along with strengthening the safety in alleyways,
the government is providing the safe home service for women.
As far as I know, it's already taking effect.
Isn't its effectiveness an issue to reconsider?
Recently, the government has been installing more streetlights...
and designating places like convenience stores...
as temporary shelters.
Those seem to be measures taken after the fair too.
It's critical to come up with a fundamental countermeasure.
Have you not investigated on that part?
Gosh, that crazy witch.
We have urgent news.
Hye Ran, skip it and read the screen first.
Have you not investigated on that part, Reporter Han?
Can't you hear me?
I think I'll need to look into it more.
I see. If you have a chance, please do a deep investigation...
on the relevant policies and fundamental countermeasures.
That was from Reporter Han.
It's breaking news.
Last June, Kevin Lee joined the US Open for the first time...
and caught the world's attention...
by winning the championship.
He won another championship in the PGA Tour.
The only information about him is that he's Korean.
Nothing more has been discovered about Kevin Lee,
- who shocked the golfing community. - Go Hye Ran, that little...
What's wrong with you?
(Report Bureau Chief's Office)
Do you feel good to make a fool out of your junior?
I asked detailed questions on the viewers' behalves.
She should've answered them as a reporter.
And that aggressive attitude is why people think you're a stuck-up.
Let's say it was a senior's advice to teach her right.
All right, you win this time.
Read this.
It's a human documentary project.
(Proposal, "The Human")
"A human documentary"?
Put your name on the line and make it cool.
What about "News Nine"?
You're not the only anchor we have. There are many with talent.
Do you already have someone in mind?
Our rival channel is doing well after making use of young people.
We might let them have us at this rate.
What if even our regular viewers decide to watch other channels?
We can't rely on our regulars forever.
We need to have new customers too.
"Go Hye Ran's News Nine" has been aired for 7 years...
with the highest viewership for the time and the highest reliability.
You know I achieved all that.
Is that all thanks to you?
You're too proud.
Is this how you thank me for not giving your award to Han Ji Won?
- Sir. - Forget it.
Come up with detailed plans for the project by tomorrow's meeting.
The end.
The game is over.
Honestly, violence is closer than law, but money is the closest.
We always get turned down. I have nothing more to save my face.
I know.
You can't succeed like this.
You'll be like this for your entire life.
Well, what will you do if you succeed?
I live only once, so I want to lead a decent, cool life.
Can't you see you're leading a decent, cool life now?
Right, that's why we haven't paid our rent for four months.
And we're only having ramyeon for our late-night snacks.
You had omurice for dinner.
By any chance, does your wife not nag you?
You became a public defender...
from a successful prosecutor.
And you work overtime or stay up all night so often.
Doesn't she complain about that at all?
Well... Not really.
Gosh, it's hot.
If it's that good, why don't you give it to me?
You've done a good job.
Chief Jang was trying to help her finish her career well.
Our rival channel is doing well after making use of young people.
I love you.
I love you, Hye Ran.
Ma'am...
Ma'am?
What's wrong with me?
Am I sexually frustrated?
Go Hye Ran, right?
I enjoy watching you on the news.
Ah, yes.
[VIU Ver] jTBC E01 Misty "Rift"
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
I love you.
This is driving me crazy.
Mother.
Have you forgotten about our meeting?
- Pardon? - Why didn't you come on time?
Oh... Right... That's...
I left medicine in the kitchen.
Okay.
I told you to keep your body warm to get pregnant.
Do you make sure to be on schedule?
Yes.
Apparently, Tae Wook has nothing wrong.
I wonder what is wrong.
You don't need to walk me out.
Mother was here.
It's as if she's here to collect her daily interest.
This day always comes back so soon, right?
Later.
Anyway, I gave it to you.
I've tried.
The script in the cell phone...
Do you have a suspect list?
Is he on the list?
He said you want the money.
Excuse me, guys. Kevin Lee will not be conducting...
interviews with any media.
The only place you can see him is on the golf course.
People were worried about their electric bills...
last summer due to scorching weather.
There is good news for people...
who are worried about electric bills in this freezing weather.
Voices are rising that the government's...
House Electric Act, which is applied to all social groups,
should reduce the burden of the poor's electric bills.
Reporter Park Hyun Min will cover it.
Freezing weather continues.
We should take a look around...
and see if anyone is isolated in this cold weather.
Beware of damages by the cold weather and snow today.
"Morning News on Monday" will finish here.
Have a good day, viewers.
I'm your anchor, Han Ji Won.
Good job.
You look great.
Your youth rushes out of the screen.
Isn't she different from Go Hye Ran?
You're just so happy.
Call the reorganization committee.
Yes, sir.
- Good job. - Good job.
Who on earth is Kevin Lee?
He must be so great. All media companies are digging him,
but they aren't getting anything.
One of my seniors went to the US too,
but he couldn't even see his shadow.
Even the president is going crazy about Kevin Lee...
that he gave a special order to get a hold of every show...
- with Kevin Lee. - Even the president?
Yes.
Whoever catches Kevin Lee will get a big, exclusive, and unique story.
It's like catching three birds with one stone.
If you're lucky, you'll be promoted to an executive director too.
There are plus points in that. It's tempting.
- Good morning. - You're here.
You look great this morning.
Are you all getting ready for reorganization next week?
- Yes. - Yes.
Everyone is after Kevin Lee. I'm getting exhausted.
So am I.
Also, do you remember the human documentary program...
I told you last week aside from liberal arts station?
Go Hye Ran...
will be the host.
Then what about "News Nine"?
Han Ji Won.
Do you feel confident?
Me?
Well, I should do my best if you give me the chance.
- I'll do my best. - Okay.
Gosh, this is shocking.
Han Ji Won is a great move, sir.
Will "News Nine" revive with her youth?
Congratulations, Reporter Han.
An exclusive interview with Kevin Lee on "News Nine".
Will that be enough?
- Go Hye Ran. - Hold on.
What did you just say?
An exclusive interview with Kevin Lee?
I'm planning to host it next Sunday on the day of our reorganization.
I think I should host "News Nine" for a while longer to do that.
Don't you think that was too absurd?
I know you don't want to give up that position,
but we've already decided to give it to Han Ji Won.
Do you have specific source?
I wouldn't say it without a hotline, Executive Director.
Hotline. So who is the hotline?
Han Gi Sup from "Sports Line"?
Or Park Jang Cheol from "All That Golf"?
What do you want me to do, sir?
Should I get an exclusive interview with Kevin Lee or not?
Are you joking? Of course you must get it.
- Then what about Han Ji Won? - Hold on.
JBC will be doing something even CNN can't do.
Live up to your reputation as the main anchor of "News Nine".
- But sir... - I'm sorry, but stay quiet.
If you fail, not only will you have to resign from "News Nine",
but you'll also have to risk your job, okay?
Okay?
Okay.
You've completely gone crazy.
You were showing off and acted like a snob.
Are you afraid to get fired?
How could you tell such a lie? Kevin Lee?
Do you want to get humiliated before getting kicked out?
I took your anchor position before you could do anything.
The only card you took out after seven years...
was Han Ji Won?
Dae Woong. That's why you never succeed.
We gave you the award yesterday.
If we tried our best and laid a red carpet for you,
you should know your limit and exit while waving your hand.
That's less humiliating.
What's really humiliating is being pushed around like you.
I'll leave on my will and quit on my will.
- I... - Get me data from Webdotcom.
I'm going to monitor all the matches until now.
- Okay. - Hey. Hold on. Wait.
I searched everything I can including golf channels.
Thank you.
But do you really have a way to get a hold of him?
No. I'll have to look for that now.
Hye Ran.
Was it really a lie? What are you going to do now?
Don't worry. I'll bring him here.
Hey. Go Hye Ran.
Where are your manners?
Isn't there a border?
Why is the news station people in the sports station?
Do you not respect me or something because we're lower than you?
We all equally handle news. I don't care as long as I get the exclusive.
Right. You're Go Hye Ran.
I forgot.
How did you change Chief Jang's decision this time?
- What is that supposed to mean? - Right. You're famous for it.
You give what you have to give...
and take what you have to take.
What?
You're right.
I'm famous for that.
I give my skill and be acknowledged by it.
You're still out in the field at that age...
because you can't do that.
What did you just say?
If you're a senior, act like a senior.
You should show your skills or at least be noble.
You're so childish.
Why you little...
What are you looking at?
Clean that up.
It's not "Clean that up."
It's "I'm sorry."
You should...
apologize to me.
For splashing water and eyeing on my position.
You took it from someone else too.
Were you sorry back then?
Nothing lasts forever.
You're not the only one who can take that position.
Don't be so greedy at that age.
It makes you look ugly.
Ji Won.
Do you think your youth is your skill?
Are you confident about taking it if I give it to you?
Try it if you dare.
I will.
Goodness. It's refreshing.
It's always nice to empty everything, right?
Are you on a diet? You don't look well.
- No. - If you're over 35 as a woman,
you should get wrinkles and a loose belly to look like a human.
People are worried about getting old.
I find those people ugly.
Did I gain weight?
Yes.
I don't care.
I didn't know when I was desperate, but I feel better after giving up.
My belly may have increased by 2 inches,
but my happiness increased by like 100 inches.
That doesn't mean you look unfortunate.
I heard you've been hosting a radio show lately.
- Yes. - You're working hard.
By the way, you're coming with your husband, right?
My goodness. Did you not know?
No. I knew that. We should be there together.
You're right on time, honey.
Goodness. They're really here together.
Really?
Do your best.
We're still married.
Show me some respect.
Really?
Your child looks just like your husband.
I know. Right.
He has dark skin because he takes after him.
- I'm so upset. - He's like he's from Africa.
Prosecutor Kang.
My goodness. I make such mistakes sometimes.
You're a lawyer now, right?
I'm sure you're very happy.
Hye Ran's getting more beautiful every day.
Yes.
Goodness.
You two seem so happy together.
I heard if your relationship is too good, you can't get pregnant.
We're delaying it on purpose.
Still. Think about your age.
You may look young on the outside,
but women's bodies age faster.
I know. I was planning on working out first.
By the way, I heard you're defending a child's father again.
He said he feels bad about winning every time.
He complains all the time.
Really?
Hey. Go easy on him.
You'll make Tae Wook cry.
Tae Wook. You're killing me.
I win before I try anything.
I feel bad for you.
Goodness. You must be upset.
I am upset.
He ignores arrest warrants...
because he's worried about the privileged class.
I'm upset about the current social conditions...
where law and justice kneel before the power and authority.
Even if you win, you didn't win. So you don't feel good about it.
I still support his belief.
I know that he will win eventually.
You do too, right?
Lawyer Kang looked like he was eating shit.
- Did you see him? - I guess they're not just rumors.
My husband says they're separated.
I can see why.
I'm saying this because it's just us.
If a woman is that successful, she must be quite tough and cunning.
Men get tired of women like that.
Oh, I heard that News Nine was supposed to be yours.
I forgot about that long ago. It's all in the past.
My family and husband come first.
That's very cool.
You're always so cool about it.
You heard her before, right?
(I want to work on my body first.)
Who's going wait around for her?
I'm good at imitations.
(I want to work on my body first.)
Couldn't you endure it?
Did you have to show it?
I wasn't asking for something so great.
You could've just gotten over with it.
A public defender? Belief?
Justice?
Stop joking.
You just have no worries...
because of your wealthy family and my big salary.
Do you think you're so good...
because you can show off?
Don't be ridiculous.
How can you defend someone...
when you can't even read your wife's mind?
Do you even know...
how I live each day...
and how I deal with your mom every time she visits...
on my ovulation day?
Then give up.
You always give up so easily.
So the baby inside you...
Our baby who tried to be born...
You were so merciless and firm.
There's nothing I want from you.
So don't ask me for anything either.
The best thing I can do...
is waiting until you no longer need me.
It's my responsibility for choosing you. However,
I won't do anything more.
It's so hard to carry on.
Move out of the way.
Get her inside.
Yes. I'm Go Hye Ran.
- What? - Kevin Lee's on his way to Korea.
I checked the passenger list. He's arriving in two hours.
It's rush hour.
Gangneung and the Olympics, it'll be very busy.
You need to hurry before someone gets to him.
I'll get going now.
Let's get going.
Okay. I'll be right there.
Hye Ran,
your mother...
She went into shock.
We did CPR,
but I don't believe she'll last long.
Let's go.
Hye Ran.
You're not the only anchor we have. There are many with talent.
Then again, you're standing firm at that age of yours.
Is this how you thank me for not giving your award to Han Ji Won?
Nothing lasts forever.
You're not the only one who can take that position.
Live up to your reputation as the main anchor of "News Nine".
I'll make sure that Kevin Lee appears on "News Nine".
If you fail, not only will you have to resign from "News Nine",
but you'll also have to risk your job, okay?
I'll prove myself and show everyone how much I can accomplish...
and then resign honorably.
Hye Ran.
I...
I can't go.
I need this guest for my show.
Mom won't be brought back to life even if I go there.
Hye Ran.
How much more horrible can you get? When will you stop?
(Exit to Incheon Airport)
You've completely gone crazy.
I know.
Hye Ran.
How much more horrible can you get? When will you stop?
I know.
Are you all right?
I'm sorry.
I'm fine.
I love you, Hye Ran.
Do you know this man?
He's the pro golfer, Kevin Lee.
How do you know him?
I held his first exclusive interview.
Did you not know him before that?
Yes.
I see.
Then I believe you would know who this is as well.
My goodness.
It's you, Hye Ran, right? Hye Ran.
Do you recognize her?
That's Seo Eun Joo.
How do you know her, Ms. Go?
She's a friend from high school. Her name's Go Hye Ran.
Were you two close friends?
We were best friends. We were so close. We never stayed apart.
No. We were only in the same class,
I barely knew her other than her name.
When did you find out that they were a married couple?
Say hello, Hye Ran. This is my husband.
Was it before holding the exclusive interview or after?
Hello. I'm Eun Joo's husband, Kevin Lee.
Kevin Lee?
(Misty)
Hello viewers. This is Han Ji Won of "News Nine".
You know well that people don't wait long in this business.
We aren't that patient.
You won't have to wait long.
Just cry. That's how you say goodbye.
Why would I cry? If I cry, will that change anything?
Every day is like a dream. I can't be any happier.
How do you know him?
You shouldn't make moves on someone else's husband, Ji Won.
When can I meet you husband?
I can't wait to meet him as well. Do I make you feel uncomfortable?
Eun Joo. Would you mind...
if I meet your husband?